CLOSER 2021 blog post (#97)
sdlab-naist/website: content/ja/post/li-closer2021/index.md

---
# Documentation: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/managing-content/

title: "Guoqing Li君の国際会議CLOSER 2021での発表"
subtitle: ""
summary: ""
authors: ["Guoqing Li"]
tags: ["Cloud Computing", "Virtualization Performance"]
categories: []
date: 2021-05-12T13:24:47+09:00
lastmod: 2021-05-12T13:24:47+09:00
featured: false
draft: false

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your page's folder.
# Focal points: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight.
image:
  caption: ""
  focal_point: ""
  preview_only: false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this post with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["internal-project"]` references `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects: []
---

当研究室M1のGuoqing Li 君が，クラウドコンピューティングの応用に関する国際会議

> [11th IEEE International Conference on Cloud Computing and Service Science (CLOSER 2021)](https://www.scitepress.org/PublicationsDetail.aspx?ID=UOyxEPw5ouY=&t=1)
> にて下記の論文を発表しました:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[11th IEEE International Conference on Cloud Computing and Service Science (CLOSER 2021)](http://closer.scitevents.org/)
にて下記の[論文](https://www.scitepress.org/PublicationsDetail.aspx?ID=UOyxEPw5ouY=&t=1)を発表しました:
```
